So you insure boring work gets done. Okay, one, It's back to the old phrase.
Expect what you inspect. So if work gets done, ship shoddily,
Who is signing off on that work? That is a famous story about my saddle.
Captain McCoy. I sat with toys and a bunch of AB city engineers
out to prepare the USS San Antonio San Antonio was It is viewership
on her stern gate that's stuck. Button operated on the main missions
of shift is what? Well, ops, You have to have a working today. Everyone
was worried. Problem? A little coin. Nazi Nazi engineers got a
plan. They fixed it. Okay, Have a question for it. Uh, who signed off
on that ship? Who accepted that? Show us. Oh, yeah. No Nazi. I'm
thinking he didn't send the same engineers out fixing that signed off
on. So no, no, we need to get You have to understand